feat: add music player app project (#52405)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/654210a9eda99477f5697a94.md

---
id: 654210a9eda99477f5697a94
title: Step 14
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> Inside the `li` tag, add a `button` element with class `playlist-song-info`. Inside the `button`, add a `span` element with the class `playlist-song-title`, then interpolate `song.title` as the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `button` element with class `playlist-song-info`. Inside the `button`, add a `span` element with the class `playlist-song-title`, then interpolate `song.title` as the text.
```
